mmm
that's a fantastic little car it reminds
me of the days when I was racing I from
wheelers and I reckon it's going to
produce some pretty exciting racing as
well it's got a great amount of
mechanical grip and obviously that arrow
as well which that entry-level national
category has sort of lacked with with
formula forward but now I really enjoyed
it you know they're going to refine it a
little bit and it's obviously the first
one in the world so there's going to be
a bit of you know justing before we get
it more in the window but to roll it out
of the truck put it on a track and and
do what I was doing just then you know
it's looking really positive for you
know for the future of Australian
motorsport
Oh
yeah as far as I from wheelers go it's
all about wings and slicks and yes the
logical step coming out of cards at 14
or 15 years old you can you can jump
into a car that's very affordable to run
and maintain and and you know experience
this firsthand so yeah it's not going to
break the bank account as far as racing
terms go and you know it's the perfect
stepping stone to the next level and
beyond